Redesign PWA TOC (#3320)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/best-practices.md

1. Gracefully handle the tasks of your app that can't be used with no internet access.
1. Implement advanced scenarios such as letting users download data for offline viewing.

> Fetch API:
> * [WorkerGlobalScope: fetch() method](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/WorkerGlobalScope/fetch) at MDN > References > Web APIs.
> * [BackgroundFetchManager.fetch()](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/BackgroundFetchManager/fetch) at MDN > References > Web APIs.
> * [Introducing Background Fetch](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/background-fetch/) at Chrome for Developers > Blog.
> 
> Cache API:
> * [Cache](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Cache) at MDN > References > Web APIs > Service Worker API.
> * [Web Workers API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API) at MDN > References > Web APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also:
* [Service Worker API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API) at MDN > References > Web APIs.
* [FetchEvent](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/FetchEvent) at MDN > References > Web APIs > Service Worker API.
* [Cache](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Cache) at MDN > References > Web APIs > Service Worker API.
* [Synchronize and update a PWA in the background](./background-syncs.md).
```

Author: replaced block
